W-22034629: Update CloudHub Networking Guide with Salesforce IP ranges (#868)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: cloudhub/modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-networking-guide.adoc

== IP Ranges and Static IPs

> CloudHub IP addresses are chosen from the Salesforce EC2 IP pool or Amazon EC2 IP pool depending on the availability. For a list of AWS ranges, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/aws-ip-ranges.html[Amazon AWS IP Address Ranges API]. The download link in that page will retrieve a dynamically generated JSON representation of all ranges that include the region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudHub IP addresses are chosen from the Salesforce EC2 IP pool or Amazon EC2 IP pool depending on the availability. For a list of AWS ranges, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/aws-ip-ranges.html[Amazon AWS IP Address Ranges API]. The download link in that page retrieves a dynamically generated JSON representation of all ranges that include the region.
```

> The following table summarizes the Salesforce IP pool that are available for your application in each region:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table summarizes the Salesforce IP pool that's available for your application in each region:
```
